CA2129897C Coa-it and paf inhibitors Coenzyme A-independent transacylase is required for the release of free arachidonic acid and the production of arachidonic acid metabolites and platelet activation factor. Blocking of this enzyme inhibits the production of these inflammatory mediators and will be of therapeutic utility in a broad range of allergic and inflammatory diseases and disorders. Compounds are described herein which inhibit the action of CoA-IT and are therefore useful in the treatment of disease states caused thereby. The figure shows the effect of compound three on CoA-IT activity. In one embodiment, the compound is of formula (I)
CA2217479C Derivatives of phenoxyethylamine having a high affinity for 5-ht1a receptor, their preparation procedure, their application as medications and pharmaceutical compounds containing them Phenoxyethylamine derivatives of general formula (I) having high affinity for  the 5-HT1Areceptor, methods for preparing same, pharmaceutical compositions containing said derivatives, and their use, in particular as gastric acid secretion inhibitors or as antiemetics, are disclosed. In general formula(I), Ar is phenyl substituted by one or more substituents; and R is a C1-1- hydrocarbon radical selected from straight or branched alkyl, alkenyl or alkynyl radicals, saturated or unsaturated mono-or polycyclic cycloalkyl, cycloalkylalkyl or alkylcycloalkyl radicals; a pyridyl or isoquinolyl radical, phenyl optionally substituted by one or more substituent, and salts thereof.
CA2274591C Benzothiophenecarboxamide derivatives and pgd2 antagonists comprising them A compound, a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, or a hydrate thereof having PGD2-antagonistic activities, inhibitory activities against infiltration of eosinophils, and being useful as a drug for treating diseases, such as systemic mastocytosis and disorder of systemic mast cell activation, as well as tracheal contraction, asthma, allergic rhinitis, allergic conjunctivitis, urticaria, ischemic reperfusion injury, inflammation and atopic dermatitis , which is shown by formula (I), is provided.
CA2320822C Substituted isoindolones and their use as cyclic gmp modulators in medicaments The invention relates to substituted isoindolon derivatives of formula (I), wherein R1, R2, R3, R4, R5, R6 and R7 have the meanings cited in the description. Said derivatives represent valuable active substances in medicaments for the therapy and prophylaxis of diseases, e.g. cardiovascular diseases such a hypertension, angina pectoris, heart failures, thrombosis or atherosclerosis. The compounds of formula (I) are capable of modulating endogenous production of cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP) and are generally suitable for the therapy and prophylaxis of pathological states associated with disorders of the cGMP metabolism. The invention also relates to a method for the production of compounds of formula (I), their use in the therapy and prophylaxis of the above-mentioned pathological states and in the production of medicaments for such states. The invention further relates to pharmaceutical preparations containing the compounds of formula (I).
CA2412941C Piperidine compounds for use as ccr-3 inhibitors Compounds of formula (I) in free or salt form, where Ar1 is phenyl substituted by one or more halogen atoms, Ar2 is phenyl or naphthyl which is unsubstituted or substituted by one or more substituents selected from halogen, cyano, hydroxy, nitro, C1-C8-alkyl, C1-C8-haloalkyl, C1-C8-alkoxy or C1-C8-alkoxycarbonyl, R1 is hydrogen or C1-C8-alkyl optionally substituted by hydroxy, C1-C8-alkoxy, acyloxy, N(R2)R3, halogen, carboxy, C1-C8-alkoxycarbonyl, -CON(R4)R5 or by a monovalent cyclic organic group, R2 and R3 are each independently hydrogen or C1-C8-alkyl, or R2 is hydrogen and R3 is acyl or -SO2R6, or R2 and R3 together with the nitrogen atom to which they are attached denote a 5- or 6-membered heterocyclic group, R4 and R5 are each independently hydrogen or C1-C8-alkyl, or R4 and R5 together with the nitrogen atom to which they are attached denote a 5- 6-membered heterocyclic group, R6 is C1-C8-alkyl, C1-C8-haloalkyl, or phenyl optionally substituted by C1-C8-alkyl, and n is 1, 2, 3, or 4, with the proviso that when Ar1 is p-chlorophenyl and R1 is hydrogen, Ar2 is not phenyl or p-nitrophenyl. The compounds are useful as pharmaceuticals.
CN101015543A Use of cinnamic acid and allyl benzoate compound with oxidation resistance function for protecting liver and brain damage This invention relates to an application of cinnamic acid styracine type curcumin analogs in resisting oxidation, and protecting liver and preventing brain damage. it has been found by test that the compound has effects in protecting liver cells of suckling mouse from damage, promoting liver cells repair, scavenging superoxide anion and DPPH in vitro, inhibiting the generating activity of lipid peroxide, protecting pheochromocytoma cell simulating cranial nerve from damaging, and chelating iron ion. Thus it is can be expected to be used for preparing medicine for preventing and treating chronic or acute liver or brain damage diseases, apoplexy, sequelae of apoplexy, Parkinson's disease, senile dementia, inflammation, autoimmune disease, tumour, myocardial ischemia, cardiac hypertrophy, senility, allergic response, and atherosclerosis.
CN101037415A S-DABO compound, synthesizing method and usage S-DABO composition and its synthesis method and function belong to medicine technical medicine. The invention relates to a 5-alkyl-6-phenyl-2-(substituted arylcarbonylmethylsulfur)uracil composition, having following general formula: wherein, R1 is C1-3 alkyl; R2=C1-6 alkyl, substituted furan ring, thiofuran ring, benzene ring (substituent on the benzene ring is H, OH, Cl3 alkoxy), having the 5-alkyl-6-phenylthiouracil as reagent, reacting with alpha-halogen ketone to get the inventive product which is catalyzed by K2CO3. The synthesis method is easy to operate. The product has an obvious anti-HIV virus activity, a low toxicity, a high selectivity index and can be an anti-HIV medicine candidate.
CN101045048B Application of chondriosome nutrient composition An application of the composition composed of R-thioctan or its physiologically acceptable salt and one or more mitochondrial nutrients chosen from acetylcarnitine, VE, coenzyme Q10, niacin, and their physiologically acceptable salts in preparing the medicines or food additives for preventing, relaxing and treating diabetes, insuline resistance and cell mitochondrion metabolism disorder is disclosed. Said composition is also disclosed.
CN101053553B Biodegradable fluorourcacil polyester medicine-carried nanospheres and its preparation method The invention relates to biodegradable fluorouracil(Fu) polyester drug-bearing manoparticles with a coating material of polylactic acid, polylactic acid-glycolic acid, polylactic acid-polyethylene glycol block copolymer or polylactic acid-glycolic acid-polyethylene glycol block copolymer and the producing method including: firstly, fully dissolving the copolymer in the dichloromethane, under the ultrasonic shock, injecting the fluorouracil NaOH solution in the dichloromethane solution, dispersing uniformly, forming W/O primary latex, and beating up the primary latex and injecting into the fluorouracil saturated water solution containing 5 wt% of polyvinylalcohol (PVA), and storing in the refrigeratory after freeze-dry. The drug-bearing manoparticle has a drug content which is 10-25% of the microparticle mass, and has a smooth surface, an even diameter distribution, a remarkable slow release function and not adhesive. The micropartical size is 100-1000nm.
CN101066980A Crystalline tenofovir fumarate and its medicine prepn The present invention provides crystalline tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF) A and TDF B in different crystal forms and their preparation process. The preparations may be used in preventing and treating hepatitis B and AIDS.
